jected by hunt and it's stolen back by
drew drew was going to lay it back for
Mason who will throw it down do a
chin-up and then head back the other way
charge now matching their biggest lead
of five Trey Klu to Walker make it Mason
Anthony Mason caught it with one hand
behind his head and rammed at home
points leading all scorers six points
for Antoine Agudio off the bench tops
for the charge who had the basketball to
Larry Drew crew picked up tight by will
cherry inside pratense repast a mason
here and at home with two hands on the
great spin move up and under shot
doesn't go but Mason fights for the
rebound got a two-on-one the other way
true lobs it up for Mason up and Anne
Mason the pass is loaded offline in
money tonight here comes a la poor
Anthony Mason Jr and here it comes down
it went and 99 86 because there is
another game oh no here comes Mason off
the feed from Chris
Smith Sunni Springfield armor will board
it and now here we got another end here
comes Anthony Mason Jr he will stop it
full extension
106 hillcrest here's Walker on the
attack Walker through the lane left hand
no good there's Mason underneath swatted
from behind by Gilchrist but Mason Jr
with an emphatic slam talton talton will
get in the lane and a collision Kelly
comes up with the ball and Kelly with
Henry Walker running with him to Mason
box fires and connects jr. Mason bounce
pass over to tre Kelley cannot shoot
gets in the lane back to Mason
Anthony Mason Jr camped on the baseline